content/articles-dissertation-support.md, before:

Title: Dissertation related content
Date: 30/07/2020
Category: Articles
Tags: presib, dissertation
Author: Nuno Fernandes
Summary: This article provides content related to Nuno Fernandes' dissertation entitled *Modelo Gráfico para Simulação e Controlo do Chão de Fábrica no Contexto da Indústria 5.0*

## Modelo Gráfico para Simulação e Controlo do Chão de Fábrica no Contexto da Indústria 5.0

This article provides the links to files, documentation and information mentioned on Nuno Fernandes’ dissertation to be presented on IPBeja. It is organized as follows: 

 

- **Repositories** – Information about the different repositories 
- **Helios Models** - SVG images of the models described on Chapter 4 *PRESIB Model* 
- **Simulation Resource** – Log files and Listing of all tables and diagrams produced 

 

# Repositories 

PRESIB project is hosted on GitHub and is composed by the following repositories: 

## Presib 

Description: This web site source files, 

Link:  

## <a id="hephaestus"></a>Hephaestus 

Description: Host the source code for the microcontrollers, 

Link:  

## Ponos 

Description: The application that generates the tables and the charts out out of the logs, 

Link: 

## hermes  

Description: Referenced in Chapter 4 on section *Hermes* is the package that holds the code of the model. 

Link:  

## Helios 

Description: Referenced in the Chapter 4 on section *Helios* is the package that holds the nets used on the model. 

## Presib-model 

Description: Legacy repository that holds information related with the article [A Graphical and Executable Model for Production Simulation in the Context of Industry 5.0.](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9831527) This repository will not be updated. 

Link: 

## documentation 

Description: Host documentation mentioned on the articles. Each branch is related with a specific article. 

 

# <a id="helios-models"></a>Helios Models 

The Helios models are available on the [repository](https://github.com/PRESIB/helios), the following images contains the link for each one of the nets.
<div>

<img width="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1274022/181920774-3311ec16-6605-4e41-92f4-cbe05e8c5476.svg"> 
<br> 
<a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/documentation/blob/dissertation_2022/chapter4-presib-model/helios/productHolon.svg" target="_blank">Resource Holon net on Repository</a>
<br>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PRESIB/documentation/aaec5fe35cdebd55a256e8f0a08266cb7546c2c2/chapter4-presib-model/helios/productHolon.svg" target="_blank">View Image in full screen</a>
</div>

# <a id="simulations-resources"></a>Simulations Resources 






just a test to [Hephaestus](#hephaestus)

Commit message:

updates on dissertation support post

content/articles-dissertation-support.md, after:

Title: PRESIB - Helper post for Nuno Fernandes' dissertation
Date: 30/07/2020
Category: Blog
Tags: presib, dissertation
Author: Nuno Fernandes
Summary: This Post provides content related to Nuno Fernandes' dissertation entitled *Modelo Gráfico para Simulação e Controlo do Chão de Fábrica no Contexto da Indústria 5.0*



This Post provides the links to files, documentation and information mentioned on Nuno Fernandes’ dissertation to be presented on IPBeja. It is organized as follows: 

 

- **Repositories** – Information about the different repositories 
- **Helios Models** - SVG images of the models described on Chapter 4 *PRESIB Model* 
- **Simulation Resource** – Log files and Listing of all tables and diagrams produced 

 

# Repositories 

PRESIB project is hosted on GitHub and is composed by the following repositories: 

## <a id="presib-web">Presib</a>

Description: This repository contains the source code of this web site. It is built using <a href="https://getpelican.com/" target="_blank">Pelican</a>.

Link:  https://github.com/PRESIB/presib

## <a id="helios">Helios</a> 

Description: This repository contains the nets referenced in the Chapter 4 on section *Helios* (4.2.1). Is the package that contains the nets used on the model. It is build using <a href="http://www.renew.de/" target="_blank">Renew - The Reference Net Workshop</a>. It is a JAVA based editor and simulator for the <a href="https://www.logos-verlag.de/cgi-bin/engbuchmid?isbn=0035&lng=deu&id=" target="_blank">Refenrence Nets</a> that is a high-level formalism of <a href="https://www.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/TGI/PetriNets/index.php" target="_blank">Petri Nets</a>.

Link: <a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/helios" target="_blank">https://github.com/PRESIB/helios</a>
## <a id="hermes">Hermes</a>    

Description: This repository contains the sorce code referenced in Chapter 4 on section *Hermes* (4.2.2). Is the package that contains the source code used on the model. It is built using <a href="https://kotlinlang.org/" target="_blank">Kotlin</a>. The source code is compiled to a <a href="https://www.java.com/en/" target="_blank">Java</a> JAR file.

Link: <a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/hermes" target="_blank">https://github.com/PRESIB/hermes</a>

## <a id="hephaestus">Hephaestus</a> 

Description: This repository contains the source code of the microcontrollers used on the simulation. It is built using <a href="https://platformio.org/" target="_blank">PlatformIO</a>.

Link: <a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/hephaestus" target="_blank">https://github.com/PRESIB/hephaestus</a>

## Ponos 

Description: This repository contains the source code of the parser application used to generate the charts and tables from the simulation's logs. It is built using <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank">NodeJS</a>.


Link: a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/ponos" target="_blank">https://github.com/PRESIB/ponos</a>





## Presib-model 

Description: Legacy repository that holds information related with the article [A Graphical and Executable Model for Production Simulation in the Context of Industry 5.0.](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9831527) This repository will not be updated. 

Link: 

## documentation 

Description: Host documentation mentioned on the articles. Each branch is related with a specific article. 

 

# <a id="helios-models"></a>Helios Models 

The Helios models are available on the [repository](https://github.com/PRESIB/helios), the following images contains the link for each one of the nets.
<div>

<img width="150" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1274022/181920774-3311ec16-6605-4e41-92f4-cbe05e8c5476.svg"> 
<br> 
<a href="https://github.com/PRESIB/documentation/blob/dissertation_2022/chapter4-presib-model/helios/productHolon.svg" target="_blank">Resource Holon net on Repository</a>
<br>
<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PRESIB/documentation/aaec5fe35cdebd55a256e8f0a08266cb7546c2c2/chapter4-presib-model/helios/productHolon.svg" target="_blank">View Image in full screen</a>
</div>

# <a id="simulations-resources"></a>Simulations Resources 






just a test to [Hephaestus](#hephaestus)
